hey guys welcome back to devious
penetrating
today I'm making another
for us by a lot of my viewers spinach
pies and Arabic is called Fatah I'm
going to tell you the ingredients and
you can also get this recipe and all of
my other recipes at wwe.com remember if
you have any questions about this recipe
or any of the other ones feel free to
email me and I'll get back to you really
quick okay what we're going to start off
with is eight cups of baby spinach I
washed them you don't have to chop them
up because if you're using the baby
spinach then it's great if you can't
find the baby spinach and you want to
use a regular regular leaf spinach
that's fine just get 8 cups of it you
want 1 cup of finely chopped onions you
want a 1 cup of finely diced tomatoes
you want a fourth cup lemon juice and
1/4 cup of olive oil you also want a 1/2
teaspoon of citric acid you could find
this seasoning and a lot of your spice
and seasoning oils you want 1/4 teaspoon
of cayenne pepper if you don't like
canned pepper you know like anything
spicy at all you don't have to add it
and 1 teaspoon of sumac you can't find
some mug you can always get it on my
website WWE TV or go now you can get the
recipe from my easy door recipe it's on
my website and what you're going to do
is you're going to portion the dough
into little circles
I'd say about golf sized balls then let
them cover them and let them sit for
another 10 to 15 minutes before using
them you're going to need some flour to
roll out the dough a rolling pin some
cornmeal just to line the bottom of the
cooking pan and some olive oil spray now
I'm going to show you how to put it all
together
remove any rings you have just so that
they don't get dirty the eight cups of
spinach what I did when they put them in
a big bowl and then I sprinkled them
with about a half teaspoon of salt and
then
mush them together just like that with
my hands what you're going to do now is
you're going to drain them from all of
the water because you don't want your
spinach pies to be too watery too juicy
and you don't want the filling to just
melt away you want to make sure that
there's a lot of filling there you're
going to probably end up with about
three cups of actual spinach after you
drain them from all of the water so just
finish this up see all this juice that
was remained now some people use frozen
spinach I don't like to I like to use a
fresh spinach because the advocacy
flavor to the spinach pies now that we
have our spinach loosen it up a little
bit add the onions and the tomatoes add
the seasoning now because we added salt
to the spinach when we were draining it
you don't have to add salt otherwise
it's going to be too salty there's olive
oil and the lemon juice and then just
mix it up with your hands these
ingredients are very similar to the
ingredients and spinach salad so just
mix it up
now I'm going to show you how to make
the filling now that we make mix in the
filling I'm going to roll out the dough
and show you how to make the actual pie
grab a piece of the round dough that you
made just like that plan out make sure
to flour your board the flour your
rolling pin just roll it out this pull
it out to about 1/8 1/16 inch of
thickness you want it to be about maybe
five to six inches in diameter just like
that see that look at that okay now
we're going to grab a good heaping
tablespoon let's say - you don't want to
overfill the pie you don't want to under
fill it because you don't want to end up
with this bill now in the center you
want to pinch them together now pinch up
the front just like that the dough is
pretty moist so we'll stick together and
then open it and bring up the bottom
half
before I put it on the pan I want to
sprinkle it with just a little bit of
cornmeal just a little bit it's a
nonstick pan so you don't have to worry
about them sticking get the pizza a gift
oh I'm sorry haha this vintage buy I was
thinking about pizza hit the spinach pie
and put it on there let me show you
another one just in case you didn't get
the first time grab your piece of dough
just like that
flatten it out you don't want too much
flour on your dough
just like that this dough is great for
pizza it's great for all kinds of little
pies fill it up make that over for you
now watch pinch it in the middle and
then close it down the top just pinch it
together bring up the bottom close it
like that end up with a little triangle
let it out now what we're going to do is
we're going to cook these pies for eight
minutes and then we're going to spray
them with the olive oil spray if you
like you can just paint them with a
brush with some olive oil put them back
in the oven for another five minutes
make sure you've preheated the oven to
400 degrees before placing the pies in
the oven preheat it for 10 to 15 minutes
before baking them when you come back
I'll show you what it looks like after
the eight minutes remember to spray them
with the olive oil I sprayed them I cook
them for another about eight minutes
after that not five sorry made a mistake
I also you want to make sure you cook
them on the middle rack you don't want
them too low or they're going to burn on
the bottom and you don't want them too
hard or they're going to burn on the top
so I made them you know what sometimes
they open up a little which is not that
big of a deal they'll open up a little
just make sure that next time you make
them you close them completely that's a
myth big mistake I see
sometimes with people these great great
pies they're pretty big you can serve
them as an appetizer you can serve them
with a main course as a side dish you
can serve them for lunch you can make
them with some salad and take them to
lunch it's a great vegetarian dish it's
a healthy dish it's good in the
summertime if you don't want anything
too heavy try it email me if you have
any questions and join me again
[Music]